# CochraneLibraryScraper
This web scraper for Cochrane Library was made using Apache Maven, Java version 1.8+, Lombok, and Selenium. The desired content was not readily available in the URL’s base HTML file, so I chose Selenium’s Google Chrome Driver to interact with the Cochrane Library website. Instead of copying a topic URL and passing it to an HTTP-Get method, I used Selenium’s driver to recreate the typical use-case and perform real-time clicks on each topic link. This allowed me to access the fully rendered HTML for each searchr. After that, I just did some investigating using Web Inspector to find the tag labels for the desired web elements. These plain text values were held as static variables within the ScraperService class to be used by all scraper methods and instances. 

The source code for this project is separated into four layers to improve readability and ease of maintenance. The four layers are http, models, text, and user. The http layer contains two classes, one for the ChromeDriver specifications and another for the actual web-scraping implementation. The models layer contains a plain old java object, Review, that holds all necessary data to be printed in the output file. The text layer is responsible for parsing the raw html text data provided by the scraper service. Finally, the user layer contains the main method, which runs a simple command-line interface and uses the scraper service to populate an output file for the user.

This program starts in the main method located inside the CommandLinePrompter class. First, it creates a ScraperService instance, which initializes the Selenium ChromeDriver, and a Scanner to track user input. Then, the program creates a new file within the resources folder of the project for our output and populates a list of topic names using the scrapeTopics method from our scraper service. At this point, we are ready to prompt the user, so the program displays all available options and waits for input. Once a topic name is inputted by the user from the console and matches a valid topic name, the main method writes the results of the scrapeTopic method into a plain-text file and terminates. 
 
